Glossary: Server SDKs, Client SDK, Conversation API (#2204)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _documentation/en/concepts/guides/glossary.md

The successful validation that a message was delivered to a user.

## Conversation API

> The [Conversation API](/conversation/overview) provides an API to enable you to build applications based on Conversations. Conversations are containers that provide a way to store communications between logged in users. For example a Conversation can store a messaging history and, through [custom events](/client-sdk/custom-events), other data such as an order history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Conversation API](/conversation/overview) enables you to build applications based on Conversations. [Conversations](/conversation/concepts/conversation) are containers that provide a way to store communications between logged in users. For example a Conversation can store a messaging history and, using [custom events](/client-sdk/custom-events), details of other interactions such as all the orders placed by a specific user.
```

The phone number or message shown on a handset when it receives an SMS API message.

## Server SDKs

> Nexmo provides Server SDKs for various programming languages. These SDKs allow you to develop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nexmo provides Server SDKs for various programming languages. These SDKs abstract away much of the complexity involved with accessing our APIs directly, enabling you to develop
```
